README.md, before:

# [Floobits](https://floobits.com/) plugin for Atom

### Remote pair programming done right.

[![Floobits Status](https://floobits.com/Floobits/atom.svg)](https://floobits.com/Floobits/atom/redirect)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Floobits/floobits-atom.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Floobits/floobits-atom)

[![#floobits on Freenode](https://img.shields.io/Freenode/%23floobits.png)](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=floobits)


Real-time collaborative editing. Think Etherpad, but with native editors. This is the plugin for Atom. We also have plugins for [Sublime Text](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-sublime), [Emacs](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-emacs), [Vim](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-vim), and [IntelliJ](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-intellij).

### Development status: Alpha. Under heavy development.

Documentation is lacking, but you could probably get by using the Sublime Text docs.

## Configuration

A Floobits account is required.  If you don't have one, the plugin will guide you through the process.

## Help

If you have trouble setting up or using this plugin, please [contact us](https://floobits.com/help#support).

Commit message:

Add link to video. Mention video chat capabilities.

README.md, after:

# [Floobits](https://floobits.com/) plugin for Atom

### Remote pair programming done right.

[![Floobits Status](https://floobits.com/Floobits/atom.svg)](https://floobits.com/Floobits/atom/redirect)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Floobits/floobits-atom.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Floobits/floobits-atom)

[![#floobits on Freenode](https://img.shields.io/Freenode/%23floobits.png)](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=floobits)

### Development status: Alpha. Under heavy development.

Real-time collaborative editing. Think Etherpad, but with native editors. This is the plugin for Atom. We also have plugins for [Sublime Text](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-sublime), [Emacs](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-emacs), [Vim](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-vim), and [IntelliJ](https://github.com/Floobits/floobits-intellij).

In addition to syncing text, this plugin also allows collaborators to video chat.

For a demo of this plugin in action, see [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liwChJKd4og) of [ggreer](https://github.com/ggreer) and [btipling](https://github.com/btipling) pairing on [ag](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher).

Documentation is lacking, but you could probably get by using the Sublime Text docs.

## Configuration

A Floobits account is required.  If you don't have one, the plugin will guide you through the process.

## Help

If you have trouble setting up or using this plugin, please [contact us](https://floobits.com/help#support).
